---
layout: default
title: "2017 de-liKeR plan"
---

# de-liKeR Plan in 2017

Good Night. I'm [@CreatorQsF](https://de-liker.com/about.html).  
Thesedays I always think about my future, because I have University enterance examination on January.

And, to keep my mind high for that, I have to have plan in next year.

---

## Podcast

Since early 2016, I have said that I'm making a next-gen Podcast platform and will start my own Podcast channel some times.

Yeah, this has been continued. Don't worry.  
**I promise that I make this podcast platform named "Padio" Public Beta in 2017.**

The url will become `padio.de-liker.com`.

Yes, de-liker.com is what you see now. This is my own private project, as you see that is sub domain.

If you want to know about Padio, please keep in touch and don't miss what I say.

---

## English First

This is the first time this plan becomes in public.  
Although I'm not so good at English, I have to try this.

The followings are my thinking:

---

I realized the contents created by foreign people can be valuable things wathing these YouTube channels.

- [Koh Aoki - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/kohaoki)
- [KentoonVlog - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCljLegRnHaPw9z7fFQYLeeQ)

Living in foreign coutries and publishing contents can be useful for other people and I can brush up English, this is completely give and take.
In addition, it means this is still frontier.

But I'm a native Japanese, and don't have plan to live in foreign coutries.  
So that, I decided to publish some contents in here, JAPAN, in English.

Please keep in touch.

Oh, I forgot to tell you, Japanese guys, I have plan to publish so many contents in English but not to stop using Japanese to say something. This blog have no measures to switch Japanese and English, however, to solve this, stop using Jekyll.  
In next year, I have plan to handle my own blog in CMS developed me.

---

## Handle My Own Blog In My Own Server

To see why I'd like to do this, please read the last parts of previous section.

---

# At The End

Please keeo in touch with me and my domain `de-liker.com` as private projects, brand, and blog.

Best regards,  
@CreatorQsF
